hey Rob here for quadrant accom we've
got project XJ back in the shop today
you might remember the last time we had
it in we installed a Rubicon Express
three and a half inch super flexus
pension kit while the lift kit really
works great increases our Cherokees
capability you have to admit these old
wheels and tires just don't do the job
anymore so today we'll be installing a
new set of wheels and tires now we have
some friends right down the road a
family automotive service and tuning who
are going to get them mounted and
balanced for us so we'll get them loaded
up and head on down there
the guys at fast made quick work getting
everything mounted and balanced for us
now for wheels we chose the very popular
Quadra tech Moab style alloy wheels we
think they'll really complement the
lines of our Cherokee well now these
wheels are available in both 16 inch
rims with a five on four and a half inch
bolt pattern and a 17 inch rim with a
five on five inch bolt pattern to fit
all Jeep Wrangler Y J's tjs and JK's as
well as Cherokees and some Grand
Cherokees now you also have your choice
either black gunmetal grey silver or
like we have here a clear coated machine
face all Quadra tech Moab wheels include
a color match plastic snap in center cap
you can also use an OEM Mopar Jeep logo
center cap to really finish off the look
of your wheels now of course all Quadra
tech mehleb style wheels feature the
quarter deck limited lifetime structural
warranty and a limited one-year finish
warranty
now whenever you're installing new
wheels it's a perfect time to toss those
old 2-piece lug nuts that have a
tendency to come apart over time for a
nice new set of one-piece lug nuts from
gorilla Automotive now since our plans
for project XJ are to be tackling some
pretty intense terrain for tires we
chose to go with the Mickey Thompson
Baja MTZ s these are 265 75 r16 tyres
which work out to about a 32 by 10 inch
wide tire
they're aggressive mud terrain tires
with large treads that extend down the
sidewall to provide excellent traction
and great looks the tread has also been
psyched to still maintain good traction
went on wet and icy roads as well now
enough talk about all these let's go
ahead and get them mounted up
a new set of wheels and tires can really
change the look of your Jeep almost
instantly and now that we've got larger
tires on project XJ we've got to have a
better way to carry our full-size spare
besides eating up all of our cargo space
by throwing it in the back of the Jeep
so make sure you check back next time
when we solve this problem by installing
a rear bumper from smittybilt with a
rear tire carrier as always make sure
you subscribe to our YouTube channel so
you're the first to know about all the
latest industry news product reviews and
how-to videos then click on the product
images to buy a set of Quadra tech Moab
style wheels or Mickey Thompson Baja MTZ
tires for your Jeep today